# Home Credit Indonesia Data Scientist Virtual Internship Program

## About Home Credit Indonesia
PT Home Credit Indonesia or better known as Home Credit is a multinational multipurpose finance company. This company provides in-store financing services (non-cash financing directly on the spot) for consumers who want to buy products such as household appliances, electronic equipment, mobile phones, and furniture. The company also builds technology-based financing services. Established in 2013 in Jakarta, currently Home Credit has reached more than 19,000 distribution points spread across 144 cities in Indonesia. As of March 2019, this company has served 3.4 million customers online and offline.

## Details of tasks 
In this Virtual Working/Internship Experience, you will be given an overview of how to work as a Data Scientist at Home Credit Indonesia. You as a Data Scientist Intern will be faced with problems, case studies, and projects that are part of Home Credit Indonesia's daily routine involving various teams such as the Smart Data Analytics team, CRM Analytics, Scoring Analytics, as well as across departments such as the Marketing Department and the Product Department. You will be challenged to implement and learn various skills and tools commonly used at Home Credit Indonesia, such as Big Data Fundamental Knowledge, SQL Programming, Python Programming, Machine Learning, Data Warehouse, etc. At the end, you will be given a challenge to complete end-to-end Machine Learning modeling for product development at Home Credit Indonesia.

## Problem research
Home Credit is currently using various statistical methods and Machine Learning to make credit score predictions. Now, we ask you to unlock the full potential of our data. By doing so, we can ensure that customers who are able to make repayments are not turned down when applying for loans, and that loans can be provided with a principal, maturity, and repayment calendar that will motivate customers to succeed. Evaluation will be carried out by checking how deep your understanding of the analysis you are working on is. For the record, you need to use at least 2 Machine Learning models where one of them is Logistic Regression.
